
h1. Introduction

This contains an implementation of the "Exploitation" use case through technologies integrated in the  Gemoc Studio. 

Three DSLs are defined and used in an integrated way to provide tooling and analysis capabilities over an exploitation.

!images/agrodsl-meta.png


h2. Activities DSL

Its purpose is to capture a static definition of the rules related to some cultures : how they are split in activities
and what might trigger an activity. It also provides a textual syntax (based on Xtext) which makes it 
easier to specific the requirements and to compose expressions.

!images/agro-activitiesecore.png

h2. Exploitation DSL

It is used to capture the structure of a given exploitation. Its break down in fields, the available resources and how
the workgroups are setup in the exploitation.

!images/agro-exploitationecore.png

h2. Simulation DSL

It is used to capture simulation settings and result : a calendar of the activities scheduling.

!images/agro-simulationecore.png


h1. Syntaxes

A textual syntax is used to describe the agricultural activites. Text is more suited for this case as it is composed of expressions and predicates which can be 
composed togethers.

A graphical syntax is used to describe the exploitation structure. Graphics are more suited in this case as they give a birds-eye view and we 
can use the shapes size and colors to convey information which helps the analysis :
- the size of the *Fields* shapes matches the area of those fields.
- the color of the fields represents the fact that they are fodder and watered or not.
- *gauges* are used to represent the ratio of the watered fields (W) fodder fields (F) and non watered non fodder fields (N) which is 
assigned to a given workgroup.

!images/agrodsl-exploitation.png

Both syntaxes are used togethers, the exploitation diagram represents the activities so that what each of the exploitation workshops is assigned to do.

!images/agrodsl-instances.png
